README.md, before:


# Personal portfolio project
This project lists the projects I have done over time. It includes the source code for the website containing my portfolio and other supporting files. It was built for mobile platforms therefore you will get the best experience using the website. 

##Built With
HTML and CSS

## Getting Started
This project can be accessed at my [Github account](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi) by anyone as it is a public repository. To access it;
- copy this link `https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio.git`.
- get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
- open the command prompt in this directory.
- write `git clone https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio.git`.
- go to the repository folder in your command prompt and open `index.html` file

For any queries or suggestions, you can reach me at any of the channels listed below.

👤 Author
- GitHub: [@Aquinasmoriasi](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi)
- Twitter: [@aquinas747](https://twitter.com/aquinas747)
- LinkedIn: [Aquinas Moriasi](www.linkedin.com/in/aquinas-moriasi)

## 🤝 Contributing
[Nonhlanhla](https://github.com/29td)

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- My coding partners and friends who helped me through the project among others.


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Add live link
Added the live link to this project .

README.md, after:


# Personal portfolio project
This project lists the projects I have done over time. It includes the source code for the website containing my portfolio and other supporting files. It was built for mobile platforms therefore you will get the best experience using the website. 

##Built With
HTML and CSS

## Getting Started
This project can be accessed at my [Github account](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi) by anyone as it is a public repository. To access it;
- copy this link `https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio.git`.
- get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
- open the command prompt in this directory.
- write `git clone https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio.git`.
- go to the repository folder in your command prompt and open `index.html` file

For any queries or suggestions, you can reach me at any of the channels listed below.

👤 Author
- GitHub: [@Aquinasmoriasi](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi)
- Twitter: [@aquinas747](https://twitter.com/aquinas747)
- LinkedIn: [Aquinas Moriasi](www.linkedin.com/in/aquinas-moriasi)

## 🤝 Contributing
[Nonhlanhla](https://github.com/29td)

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Aquinasmoriasi/Personal-portfolio/issues).
The live version of this project can be found at [https://aquinasmoriasi.github.io/Personal-portfolio/](https://aquinasmoriasi.github.io/Personal-portfolio/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- My coding partners and friends who helped me through the project among others.


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
